All right, guys.
So now we're going to deploy a website to a platform called Net Phi, which is just a fantastic platform
for hosting static websites as well as front end applications using JavaScript frameworks like React
and Vue.js and that stuff you'll get into later if you're just getting into web development.
But what's really cool about Nullify is they give you a lot for free.
So we can deploy for free, we can host our website, they even give us an sstl for free.
We can add our own domain name, which we'll do later on.
And then there's also extra features such as contact form submissions.
So if we go down here, you can see that we can simply add a PHI attribute to the form tag and we'll
be able to receive submissions in our net ified dashboard.
So if you recall, when we deployed to a shared host in order to make the contact forum work, it was
it was quite a bit of work.
We had to implement a PHP script to be able to mail it to our email address, which wasn't even the
best way to do it.
So this gives you a very simple and secure way to add give functionality to your contact forms.
So what you need to do is, first of all, sign up for NetFlow Fi.
It's absolutely free to sign up, no credit card or anything like that.
And then once you log in, you'll see this new site from Get Button and you can choose GitHub, GitLab,
Bitbucket.
So Get is a version control system and it's something that you're going to need to learn.
If you're going to be a web developer, that's something like 95% of dev companies use Git.
And for this particular for what we're doing now, you're only going to need to use a couple commands
and I'm going to put a document in the section with those commands.
I'm also going to put a link to a crash course that I have on YouTube.
Forget that you might be interested in, but you will have to download it.
So you go to get Dash Nme.com just go ahead and download it and if you're on Windows you'll get a tool
called Get Bash, which is just a better command line or a better terminal for Windows than the standard
one.
So I would suggest using that.
And then also the last thing I want you to do is create a GitHub account if you don't have one.
All right.
I'm actually logged in right now and GitHub is just a place to store your repositories.
So you store your code here.
And all we have to do, as I showed you from PHI, is bring over a GitHub repository and we can actually
host our website.
It'll even it'll give us a really weird domain name, but we can, we can add our own custom domain
name, which we're going to do as well.
All right.
So just do those three things.
Sign up for net phi sign create an account at GitHub dot com and download Git to your local to your
machine.
All right, so once you do those things, we're ready to move on to the next video where we'll initialize
a get repository and we'll push it to GitHub.